
Protean platform:

overview :

This platform provides pre-built  components to create & manage enterprise application.
It reduce persons months of efforts.
we identify the common features, which we develop that features like:
1. User Management Service
2. Email Service
3. SMS Service
4. Holiday calender Service
5. Tiny URL Service
6. QR scanner Service
etc...

suppose client want to build application. First we demonstrate them, what services we are developed. If client want that service, 
if client want some customization, then we changed it.

wrapper class(for customization) If he want new field or change in implementaion. That changes do in wrapper class.

1. User Management Service :

This is role based access control implementation, its easy to define roles and permission for your application/ to user.
We have roles like User and Admin, that roles have some permissions.
We have user mangement features like :
i.    Register a new user account.
ii.   Login with username and password.
iii.  Retrieve a single user account.
iv.   Retrieve list of user account.
v.    Update user account data(basic user data, contact, address)
vi.   add or remove a role on a user account.
vii.  create a new role.
viii. create a new permission.
ix.   add permission on a role
x.    remove permission on a role.
xi.   update a permission (enabled or disabled it)


for security we spring boot starter security:
we can generate a salt (return string)
Salting: A random value called a salt is generated. The salt is then combined with the user's password before hashing.
 This adds uniqueness to each user's hash and makes it more secure.
 
 
 create hash (return byte[])
Hashing: The password is transformed into a fixed-length string of characters (hash) using a one-way cryptographic hash function. 
This process is irreversible, meaning you can't convert the hash back to the original password.

we encrypt  password (String password, String salt)
        return Base64.getEncoder().encodeToString(securePassword);
		

