 Q. introduction 

Q.what are technologies you are aware of or worked on ?
ans: java , java8 , spring , spring boot , hibernate , jpa , junit , microservices (tell the technologies in serial wise or sequence wise)

Q.difference between concurrent hashmap and hashmap

Q. difference between iterator and list iterator 

Q. what is fail safe and fail fast

Q. contract between hashcode and equals methods

Q: what is exception prapogation

Q. what is static in java?? 
Q. how memory management done by static ??
ans: each object of instance variable has its own copy and for static all the objects share same copy thats how we do memory management 


Q. difference between static and instance variable 
ans: each object of instance variable has its own copy and for static all the objects share same copy

Q. difference between overloading and overriding 

Q. what is the default first line in the constructor??
ans: call to super class constructor is the default first line in the constructor.

Q. difference between constructor and method?

Q. what is constructor ? and why we use it ?
ans: it does two tasks 1> object initialization 
		       2> assigning default values to the data members


Q. do you klnow thread class ?? 
Q. which are the methods of thread class which belongs to thread class and object class ?

Q. why we should we use toString method?

Q. what are classloaders in java?
Q. what are the types of classloaders?
Q. what are the principles of classloaders?

Q. difference between class not found exception and no such class def error?

Q. difference between exception and error?
Q. can we handle error ??

Q. what is memory management in java
Q. what are the different types of memory ? explain

Q. what is system class and what it contains?

Q.what is System.out.println?

Q. why we made main method as a static?

Q. why we pass String array as parameter to main method?

Q. what is collection framework?
  
Q. difference between list set and map

Q. what is autoclosable interface 

Q. random access interface in java?

Q. how arrays work internally ?

Q. what is deadlock? when it occurs?

Q. entity life cycle

Q. difference between jdbc and hibernate

Q. what is jpql?

Q. what is criteria interface

Q. hibernate architechture

Q. what is first level cache in hibernate ?

Q. which design patterns you know

Q. why should we hire you?
